"Fear the power you do not see."
"Do not confuse cowardice for wisdom."
"Swain's theme starts playing."
"You can sit on a throne, that doesn't make you a ruler. It only means you have an arse."
"The outcome was decided when they brought an army, and I brought a demon."
"I have seen this place... A vision... A Battle."
"If they already call me a villain, what will they call me when I succeed?"
"It is just as the spies described. A pity I had them executed."
"Dead men tell tales that only I can hear."
"No quarter. That means no mercy you cretins."
"A black flag above Bilgewater. A raven's wing."
"I look out upon humanity, and see only a feast."
"Dispatch these worms."
"Men are too weak to rule, ha ha ha, but I am no man."
"I fought the dragons once... Now I have become one."
"To end the world with fire. To rule with flame."
"At last, I may reveal myself to the  dragonslayers ."
"An assassin is due at any moment. It is how I know    LeBlanc  cares."
"Tell me again all the crimes I've committed, and I'll tell you the price of victory."
"We are at war. Do not forget it."
"I have killed more men with words than by my own hand. Not for lack of trying."
"Destiny marches, like any man."
"The more they try to kill me the more they reveal I am on the right path."
"To redraw the map, the blood of soldiers must be the ink."
"There is always a choice. The truth is no exception."
"A new vantage, is all the advantage I need."
"I suppose I should be grateful they have the decency to fear me."
"A Noxian knows who he is, and what he must do."
"The old wounds ache. They are reminders."
"Decisions have consequences. This I know well."
"They expect me to play fairly. We aren't even playing the same game."
"Hmm... I do so enjoy explaining things to idiots."
"I could kill them all. But it would be far crueler to show them that I am right."
"Never make a bargain with a demon that you intend to keep."
"One can read the future in battle lines, assuming one can read."
"They are five steps from realizing: I am ten steps ahead."
"I was born a patrician. I became a soldier."
"Would they even struggle to survive, if they knew what was to come?"
"I peer through the darkness others fear."
"When their lives flash before their eyes, so do their secrets."
"A riddle wrapped in a mystery, hidden within us all."
"It is not the visions that haunt me, but what I do not see."
"A calculated risk is no risk at all."
"Is it not enough for Noxus to be strong?"
"I cannot lead if I allow fools to stumble about before me."
"They are blind to the cold logic of this world."
"What is one more demon, when I already have so many?"
"The mud on our boots will hide the bloodstains."
"The few for the many."
"I've heard what they call me. What a waste of their final words."
"A voice whispers in the shadows. Though few can hear it."
"The shadows of our empire, are cast by a raven's wings."
"After the battle, the ravens feast."
"They falter before my dragons."
"It is wise to fear the future. It belongs to them."
"Every day I rule, Noxus becomes a more perfect expression of my will."
"The demon is always in the details."
"I would not ask of anyone what I would not do myself."
"There can be no unity without purpose, and there is one all men are born to."
"All roads lead to Noxus, but all visions, to Demacia."
"There is nothing noteworthy about Demacia, but that in itself is worth noting."
"The world may fall to darkness. But Noxus, will remain."
"The truth beneath the gilding. Only war can bring profit."
"Suffering pools in the depths where children play."
"Creatures of darkness that grant power to their hosts? How original."
"Thorns in my side, but your flower is truly something to behold."
"You will find this delicate morsel, quite capable of fighting back."
"It is better to be feared than loved, Vastaya."
"I don't know if you're the wisest being I've ever met, or a pile of mouldering blankets."
"Ah yes,    Cassiopeia . I admire your commitment to... metaphor."
"It was only a matter of time,    Darius . Do what you must."
"Your trust maybe misplaced, old friend. But it is appreciated. "Fame has gone to your head, and found ample room within."
"You stood by me when I was outcast, so I stood by you when you were drunk. In spite of the stench. "Am I to seek revenge for my poor departed arm? If anything girl, you did me a favor."
"The mind is the weapon. You are unarmed."
"Do they know who killed your father, or do they still blame me? "If you take me, you will leave Noxus with something far worse."
"We both move pawns in a grand game. And look at that - It seems I'm winning."
"You see every flaw in me and you do not even blink. A bit unwise, wouldn't you say? "Life would be boring without surprises. You certainly keep things... interesting."
"I suppose this makes us enemies with benefits."
"People often ask for a hero, when a villain is what they truly need."
"The Vastaya blood is not in my veins. It is on my hands."
"The best armor is being forgotten, and you my dear, are quite forgettable."
"There can be no balance with a hand on the scale."
"Why is he still alive? Another one of Darkwill's loose ends."
"Beware ravens? The words of a fool who knew nothing of demons."
"Your eloquence: seasoning for a repetitive feast."
"Your message is your power. You have learned nothing."
"When you run out of insults, try steel."
"Not another word!"
"You're the only man I know who believes his own words, even after he's said them."
"If you plan on listing my crimes, mind you do not die of asphyxiation."
"I have to know who has a crush on whom."
"Which one of you is    Beatrice  again?"
"Caw caw caw caw caw. There, are you satisfied?"
"My birds are hungry."
"I'll eat your soul myself."
"I am not smiling, I am threatening to smile. It is still a threat."
"I own birds cleverer than you."
"A petty squabble for pettier men."
"Diplomacy is a subtle art."
"Do not try my patience."
"Empire above all."
"And to think, they called me a "cripple"."
"You lack discipline."
"The ends of war are death."
"How tedious."
"A conquered nation is a loyal one."
"Incompetence surrounds me."
"Strength is the only teacher."
"We must remind them of their place."
"The right to rule, held, in my hand."
"This is the least of my crimes."
"If you insist on dying."
"Submit."
"Sacrifices must be made."
"Weak of body; weak of mind."
"You dare oppose Noxus?"
"Pity stays the hand of the merciful, but not mine."
"I will not tolerate interference."
"Try to die with dignity."
"This will be my offering."
"You would do well to die before my ravens find you."
"Know when to die!"
"The sooner we kill them all, the sooner we can leave these forsaken wastes."
"Their lives are the plunder."
"The Leviathan belongs to me!"
"Forfeit your life."
"Death's hand."
"In death, the veil is lifted."
"Their whispers itch at the back of my mind."
"What have the ravens brought me?"
"I am not done with you yet."
"Your soul was already mine."
"Fellfire within us."
"Conflagration."
"Snuffed out."
"Bring me their spark."
"Mere flame remains."
"An echo in flames."
"The fire of conquest."
"Souls, flame."
"Their memories burn away."
"They fight the mist above the seas, never looking beneath."
"An empire, built atop centuries of murder."
"Shaped by humanity, a reflection."
"They squabble as the winds howl, and the wards fade."
"Magic spills from their land like blood from a wound."
"A king remains in the mist, and another marches."
"Those born of magic rarely realize its curse, until it is too late."
"A pattern, spreading... It has learnt to be alive."
"She claimed it was the Frost Queen's grave. They believed her."
"What is this about... siblings?"
"My my, does your dear grandniece know what C has been up to?"
"The payment for her suffering in Shurima: a black rose."
"No daughters. Only soldiers."
"A glimpse, mere seconds into the future."
"A vault empty of relics, but filled with corpses."
"She's spurned so many suitors. A wonder they did not see why."
"His secrets died with his sculptor."
"Ignorant of the very magic you carry into battle. How Demacian."
"His blood is the only useful thing about him."
"Faces fading in the flames. It was all her fault."
"The first oath. The one she made to him."
"So he's heard the rumours.    The girl  who came back."
"He asked her to do what she could not. To kill me."
"A child who had known only hate, confuses it for love."
"Which is the greater tragedy, that she fell in battle, or that she fell in line?"
"So many obsessed with the hero. Tell me of the hammer."
"Her arch-rival a tuskvore? How undignified."
"She held their hands as they died, hoping they would drag her with them."
"The echo of a soul... only pain brings it back."
"I already knew that."
"She feared what she could not understand: herself."
"She was closer than he realized."
"Nefa..." (Incomprehensible demonic whisper) "Do..." (Incomprehensible demonic whisper) "Crah..." (Incomprehensible demonic whisper) "Nas..." (Incomprehensible demonic whisper) "Fala..." (Incomprehensible demonic whisper) "Death is its own prophecy."
"Victory awaits."
"Another piece cleared from the board."
"That is one way to surrender."
"Another disappointment."
"The raven was a portent. Their time had come."
"Obey."
"A bit presumptuous to consider us... rivals. "Predictable, as always."
"One less enemy within."
"You were no longer useful."
"This is not even my final form."
"Prepare, and victory is inevitable."
"All according to plan."
"A one-armed man needs all the help he can get."
"More important than heroes are deeds."
"Witness the strength of Noxus."
"Worth its weight in lives."
"A monument to our victory."
"Let us end this siege."
"One less place to hide."
"Their defences crumble."
"Stone is not strength."
"What Noxus takes, it will defend."
"Let them find hope in the rubble."
"We have civilized the beast."
"More than men must kneel to Noxus."
"Its strength is ours."
"Death comes to even the most fierce."
"I almost pity the brute."
"A savage roar, silenced."
"Congratulations. We've outsmarted a beast."
"It is mine, or it is no one's."
"Dragon claimed!"
"Only ashes remain."
"I owe you a debt. That is not as ominous as it sounds."
"You've exceeded my expectations."
"Perhaps a promotion is in order. How would you like your own warband?"
"Gathering intelligence."
"I suppose it's easier than conquering a demon."
"I never stop planning."
"A raven's eye view."
"Every moment we do not kill them, their advantage grows."
"They move swiftly for all the coins weighing them down."
"The dagger is at our throats. But their hands quiver."
"They think they have won. Prove them wrong!"
"Are you not children of Noxus?"
"Do not fight for conquest. Fight to survive!"
"They will not break. Perhaps they will burn."
"The battle is yet to be decided."
"Patience is a virtue but it has its limits."
"The advantage is ours if we take it."
"A stalemate. How quaint."
"Not losing is not winning either."
"A truce in all but name."
"Humankind. Dragonkind. Both hang in the balance."
"A standstill. One would never know the world burns around us."
"Drive them from the battlefield!"
"We have the momentum."
"Who is it we're fighting? I only see their backs."
"Any man who must say "We are winning," is not truly winning."
"Leave the survivors to their officers."
"They flee Noxus on the roads we built!"
"One more push, and they will break."
"I too refuse to kneel... But it is only a matter of time."
"Dragons cannot inherit the earth... If it is already theirs."
"More than what we do not understand, we fear being understood."
"Some say the darkness stares back, because they cannot see me."
"The more I see the more I realize how much remains hidden."
"Secrets whispered in the shadow... have a way of reaching my ears. "I often kill in my visions. When I close my eyes, do not come near."
"Only this, and nothing more."
"I have already walked the halls of death, in the immortal bastion."
"They think they have won? Pathetic."
"A minor setback, nothing more."
"Am I reborn? The truth is rarely so simple."
"It is still watching."
"It is there in the silence after battle. It is there in me."
"Die for your general."
"Master fear, to master the dragon."
"Bear witness to the strength of Noxus!"
"Pitiful prince!"
"Your tactics were cunning!"
"GG!"
"The early bird gets the worm."
"They fight the mist above the seas, never looking beneath."
"She claimed it was the Frost Queen's grave. They believed her."
"The payment for her suffering in Shurima: a black rose."
"His secrets died with his sculptor."
"So he's heard the rumours.    The girl  who came back."
e