"Call me king, call me demon. Water forgets the names of the drowned."
"You're duller than a broken sandwich."
"I see nothing splendiferous in this table's offerings!"
"It is my mouth into which all travels end."
"Let us peruse this establishment's fare."
"It is the heart from which the darkest water flows."
"This buffet exceeds repugnance!"
"Does your establishment 
have
 any tables?"
"My diet is expensively unique."
"From suffering, my banquet is born."
"Gluttony is impossible."
"No true hunger can be abated."
"To covet is to starve."
"I have tastes that aren't easily... pacified."
"Every heart has its own hunger."
"All the world's a river - and I'm its king."
"All creation is born famished and starving."
"Everyone ends downriver... eventually."
"Nothing escapes hunger."
"I refuse to succumb to culinary degradation!"
"We all gourmandize from time to time."
"The only real sin is to deny a craving."
"Misery has a delectable taste."
"Anything of depth is deceitful."
"A depth of flavor is what I covet."
"I am appetite focused."
"True appetite never wanes."
"All shall drown in my magnificence."
"Let us eat voraciously and overindulge."
"Now we shall gluttonize."
"Every river ends in me!"
"A bargain is due!"
"The world is my feast!"
"Mercy has no flavor!"
"I am the River King!"
"The river never stops!"
"That aroma seduces... "
"Where is that taste?"
"Where is it!?"
"Hunger!"
"Give it to me!"
"I demand an entrée!"
"You are a malodorous offense to my palate!"
"The baseness of your appetite repulses me!"
"Your mind is as clear as mud."
"Child, you're a couple cows short of a steak!"
"You're duller than a broken sandwich."
"War is a manly appetite, and your directness has my admiration."
"Brother, you're as cultured as a crematorium selling barbecue."
"I am enthralled by your class and refinement - I must offer you a token of my admirations."
"You're as modest as a freshly-paid courtesan."
"Hiding in smoke? Young lady, you're as sharp as a bag of slugs."
"Any pejorative of bullheadedness is pulverized by your magnificence."
"I believe 'decorum' is the china shop."
"Coveting friendship is barely an appetite - but one I do so sympathize with."
"I say, you're as 'fun' as a leaky roof."
"I suppose I must defrost you first."
"Idiocy is often mistaken for innocence."
"If you wanna' build an empire of peace, then your mortar will be blood."
"Girl, you got as much 'foresight' as a blindfolded mole."
"An emperor as humble as he is beloved."
"Son, your empire was built on sand."
"You're the emperor - of mashed potatoes and gravy."
"Your empire? I look upon your works and despair."
"If your heart is gold and your body is steel, why's tin between your ears?"
"The heart of the Freljord must long for something."
"You're strong like bull, and smart like cow."
"My mustache will eat yours."
"If you want to clean up the city, don't you need to understand where that dirt comes from?"
"You're as elegant as an outhouse in a leper colony!"
"Your hunger deserves to be satisfied."
"Personally I hunger for things less literal."
"Your strength is waning, General. 'Course, I can help you slow time's regress."
"You're as subtle as a gold codpiece."
"Vengeance is a thirst I could help you quench."
"Girl, you're crazier than a mouse in moonshine."
"Your hunger for attention deserves to be sated."
"I wonder - how can you receive the attention you deserve... while your brother is in the way?"
"At least the rumor of your vanity isn't overrated."
"I can show Mundo new places to go - if he pleases."
"Your diction is as exemplary as your intellect."
"Time is but another river - and I care not what water I swim in."
"Your youthful rebellion is as tedious as your hairstyle."
"Why should a hunger for adventure ever be sated?"
"Youthful ignorance is unfortunately your best quality."
"An appetite for a challenge is a craving without liability."
"A duel is a fight between two imbeciles... and you are the greatest."
"Wouldn't you care to travel to your people's destination?"
"You're a man with troubles. I have solutions."
"Your attempt to be monstrous is as successful as your dictatorship."
"You live by a code that'll never let you get what you want. Let me take you to her."
"Time is just a river, boy, let me take you back where you belong."
"Your conversation makes as much sense as a fish in lingerie!"
"I admire a man of appetites - let me help you find refreshment."
"Your tastes are as elegant as a broken latrine."
"There's a storm in your heart, girl. Tell me what you hunger for."
"Girl, you're as appealing as a cake in the rain."
"Only a fool wouldn't hunger for the throne. Let me help you find that seat."
"Anything getting through that gold helmet of yours?"
"It is wonderful to be hungry for a challenge."
"Boy, you are a few candles short of a lantern."
"A drive for innovation? It's just a hunger for something new."
"Dumber than a box of hammers."
"An appetite for chaos? Let me feed that mayhem."
"Girl, if brains were dynamite, you'd be a dud."
"Don't starve your heart, child! Let me deliver you to him."
"Truth requires a journey on blind faith."
"Could I offer you a bargain to replace your previous engagement?"
"Good ideas fall from you like pudding from a harpy."
"Step closer, and I'll carry you to your prize."
"A fool and his love are easily parted."
"The road to vengeance requires a journey I would happily provide."
"The enormity of the hat doesn't hide the vacancy beneath it!"
"A journey to a moonstone is one I could provide."
"The tides call you sashimi."
"Forgiveness is a shore like any other."
"You're like a roofless mansion - impressively useless."
"Allow me to facilitate your rapaciousness."
"I appreciate your mind is unsullied by the complications of reason."
"You are a traveler... and I provide transport."
"You read words and mistake that for understanding."
"Let me make a meal with your ambition."
"You're as witty as you are subtle."
"Why not travel to when you were free from these doubts?"
"Your tastes are about as sophisticated as your wardrobe."
"Every heart has its own hunger. Tell me yours."
"You're as likable as a rat in a bridle shop."
"Bilgewater is a rough town to leave - I could make it easier for you."
"A gambler's luck is only predictable... when he's a cheat."
"Child, why would you sublimate a hunger? Have you forgotten who you are?"
"A boxer who thinks with her fists must inevitably punch with her face."
"Do you want to reach your potential? It's a journey I could provide."
"Ah, nothing whets my appetite like the flames of ambition gone awry."
"A slave's mind is never free, but I suspect you got yours on discount."
"Your destiny isn't in the wind - it's on the river."
"You're as quick as a turtle on molasses."
"Child, a shadow must run from the light eventually."
"So, shiny attire seem like the thing to wear? You are the most intelligent ninja in the world."
"I presume you are the waiter at this establishment."
"Are you the waiter of this establishment?"
Tahm Kench laughs.
Tahm Kench laughs.
Tahm Kench laughs.
Tahm Kench laughs.
Tahm Kench plays a tune on his tongue.
"How delectable."
"Another meal."
"Delicious."
"Savor the misery."
"An enticing culinary prospect."
"New tastes."
"I will consume all."
"Something to nibble on."
"A feast awaits."
"Their despair... is the seasoning."
"I must sample this buffet."
"Another snack."
"Yummy."
"Might be savory."
"Hunger!"
"Feed!"
"More!"
"Meat!"
"Dinner!"
"Fresh souls!"
Tahm Kench snarls.
"Mine!"
"This is my river, you scoundrel!"
"You dare invade my table?"
"Beast, you are a rank dish! Ill served!"
"Travel awaits."
"Step inside."
"Closer."
"Take the bargain."
"This way!"
"Get inside!"
"Over here!"
"Come closer, child."
"Vile!"
"Disgusting!"
"Nauseating!"
"Revolting!"
"Repugnant!"
"Unacceptable!"
"Needs salt!"
"You have succeeded only in ruffling my attire!"
"My constitution is unflappable!"
"Was that an attack, or an hors d'oeuvre?"
"How droll your attacks are!"
"A heart is so easily... eaten."
"There is something sublime about holding a heart in your hand."
"I can provide all manner of refuge."
"I am sanctuary for those in my favour."
"How did I leave my jacket pocket unadorned for so long?"
"I have a hunger for... fine shoes."
"I wonder who might like to bargain for a little freedom."
"I am an omen of voracity."
"A little sedation for my more noisesome neighbours."
"A handy tool for the next time I'm... in between meals."
"Something about this blade feels... redundant."
"I pity the hydra. So many heads intent on sharing the meal."
"Truly this is the best way to enjoy a buffet."
"My visage was already flawless, now it just has more vigor."
"I refuse to trouble myself with charlatans."
"Sorcery is a distasteful habit."
"A gentleman without a cape is only half-dressed."
"Fire warms the spirit, and charges the appetite."
"War is an appetite like any other."
"A hearty appetite pairs best with a robust constitution."
"Say what you will - a large man can 
not
 be ignored."
"Finally, my enormity matches my appetite."
"I prefer to know when my next meal approaches."
"Even when you have no bait, you can still cast a line and hope."
"I search for bargains wherever fools cross my domain."
"A true meal requires foresight to manifest."
"Regrettably, I must retire in order to find a digestive."
"I shall return to this establishment shortly."